Those of you who are following the series of
videos that I have made on the subject of
Maribel Guardia against Imelda know that I have
positioned myself from the beginning on the side
of Maribel Guardia due to the fact that
the authorities were on her side when it came to
handing over the child to her. I have to
tell you that in the last few hours Imelda
has given an interview on a
Televisa program called De Primera it is a
program that we have posted clips from
many times here when we are
reacting to things in Mexico and
honestly it has left me a little and
forgive me for the expression my ass broken in
some things in the end I think it
reaffirms my theory that I have told you
many times in controversies and that is that
to find the truth you have to
choose a little from one side and a little
bit from the other side there is not usually a
controversy in which neither of the two
parties is 100% right and
Imelda's statements have made me
think carefully because we are going to comment on
all of them okay I will summarize them for you And we are
also going to see how several friends of
both Imelda and her late
husband Julian have also come out in the
last few hours  to put Imelda green I'll
tell you below I am Javi
Oliveira welcome one more day to the Channel you
already know that here I will find out all
the gossip I don't always say it at the
entrance of the videos if you didn't know me
and you are interested in this subject it is mandatory
that you subscribe because it is here you are
going to find out everything and Melda claims that she does
not have any diagnosed bipolar disorder
as it was said from the
beginning of the controversy And according to
her Commenta that was a
subjective comment that on one occasion her
psychiatrist told her that she could have but
that the pertinent tests have never been done
nor is there an
official diagnosis as such I have not been given the
pertinent tests to be able to say that I
really have that diagnosis you met this
psychiatrist during the
time that you were living with
Maribel is she the one who treated you s is the one who
treated Juli and the one who treated me
later and how long did she
treat you for approximately
two years and Juli to Jul I think a
year or so really the
problems  emotional that I said that
affected you in the care of
your child Not to me the
emotional problems I think that rather It
refers to that I do not Express my emotions too much
this issue In my opinion is one
of the main ones that they have against
her in that complaint when
trying to justify child abuse
And the thing is that bipolar disorder can
cause you to suddenly have a
super drastic change of emotions you go from
Euphoria to happiness to depression to
sadness quickly you get angry you
scream a lot so if I could
disprove this it would be a turning point for
her one of the protagonists of the
previous videos has been a pilot that
all the gossip channels talked about
with whom she supposedly slept
with another friend at the same time and there is the famous
photograph that she published would be where you can
see the little feet I personally the fact that there is a
debate about that photo
or rather me when she got serious I
thought it was a joke I mean I
thought it was like an example not an
example of what the scene could be
but no no no it's not what she is saying
would be or rather what  They're saying that
this photo is really an
original photo from that moment, I mean, but who
can believe that someone entered the
room to take this photo, I mean, it doesn't make
any sense, it's very noticeable, I
think it's pretty obvious, no, it's an
internet photo, it's one of
those archive photos that you'll probably
look for and find. It should be clarified
that this supposed episode involving
the pilot is not in the complaint, okay, I
mean, what was in the complaint were
other episodes about this pilot. Imelda
says she has no idea, she doesn't know if it
even exists. Yes, of course, eh. No. At
no time have I had a name on my
underwear in my room and, well, I
understand that this could be a
concern for the public. No, of course, eh.
What moral values ​​are you instilling in
your son, but no, at no time has
this happened and she and the people
around her suspect that this would have been
leaked to the media by some
contact of Maribel's. The thing is that it's
true that if this were true there would be
evidence from the cameras in the house and it would
obviously be in the complaint, I
mean, it would be proven and it would be in the
complaint unless for whatever reason
Maribel, well, she didn't
want to include this episode, well, I don't know. Imagine if she did
n't want to show how she was
kicked out of the house. I don't know, I can't think of
anything, honestly. I mean, I sincerely
believe that she's telling the truth here. Yelda, I think
this. Let's see. The gossip is wild.
You have gossip over there,
really. You have gossip. You have gossip
all over the place. No, and the
rest of the programs consider it valid and I would
take this information as false. I don't
know if the
supposed pilot that Marco took out exists or not, but I
think that, wow, if this were false,
evidence would have already been presented, right? It wouldn't
be leaked all over the internet.
The photographs that I saw were
photographs of someone else's bed and
all you see are feet in one
photograph. Besides, it would be extremely
unlikely that someone could enter
a room to take that photograph.
Well, no, they're not my bedspreads because my
bedspreads aren't white. No, it's not  the
header that I have behind me that I'm not going to
say what's in that header eh I mean there are
a lot of things that can be
dismissed and I also ask people
please to be a little more
aware they are photos taken from the
internet and no you can't be judging
a person for something that isn't even
real or I think this was a bit
smoked not from Javier seriously I don't know what
you guys think it's really noticeable I
think it's pretty obvious I don't understand
the debate that this is an image from the
internet I mean imagine aren't they
almost studio photos with that quality with the
lights there well and so on no I don't understand
how someone believes that this is a photo that was
taken of them in their room I mean but
a photographer came in I passed this photo no she has
also been commenting on her
stormy relationship with Marco Chacón you
know that we have been talking in
previous videos that she claims that
this relationship broke up because she
accidentally discovered that Marco was
being unfaithful to Maribel and decided to
tell her mother-in-law everything that she had
found no there has never been a
relationship that has eh something more
beyond the cordial relationship that we have as a
family, I have never had
access to his cell phone, he has
everything pretty well blocked because I always
see that he has his cell phone very protected
and I don't know if it's because of this,
I rather think that right now it's a
fear that we uh want to
leave Maribel's house and want to
continue our life together as a
family unit that is mother son and Jul
in this case is already pregnant. And how do you see
that evidence if it's not through a
cell phone, how do you see these evidence if it's not
through a cell phone? I went up to print
something then some messages started arriving and
the truth is that I think
we've strayed quite a bit from the
main topic. If I go out there right now what
interests me is to get my son back and
be with him, which is what I
wanted from the beginning, it's what I
wanted since November that I'm
planning this, uh, to be able to have the
freedom to exercise my rights as a
mother, to be alone with my son and to raise him
properly, Maribel decided to believe
her husband and not believe Imelda, I don't know if it's
because she really thinks that Imelda  he's
fine and he's crazy Or
hey maybe she decided to continue with him like
Cook I don't know The thing is that it's
known that since that moment and
Melda and Marco Chacón have a bad
relationship and Melda has also been
explaining that she has never
abandoned her son that it's
true that she goes out to work quite a few
hours but that the child
has been with babysitters since he was very young J Julián has had
a nanny since before Julián passed away he has
had a nanny his whole life this
child has had a nanny since he was seven I mean like
approximately 5 months old and
it doesn't mean that I'm not
fulfilling my obligations as a mother
the child knows he knows when I work and
when I don't when eh I've had to be
at rehearsals until late I've called him I
call the Nanny and I say please pass him to me
to say goodbye I try to
say goodbye to him every night before going to
sleep I mean it would be a very rare
occasion when I don't say goodbye to him before
sleeping In fact he also comments on his
financial stability which was a doubt
that I had And the thing is that apart from working
in a  theater singing apparently they
also have a rental property
which is an investment that belonged to
her with her father and from the money she
earns from that rent It seems that she has her
needs covered financially
I have tried to be present as much as
possible in its development in fact uh the
income that I have from the
rent of the apartment that
Julian has uh Are destined for our
coexistence you already know that the issue of
her having a job economic stability
that she can also afford A
nanny for the child all these details
that have a very different nuance to what they had
told us previously would
help a lot when it comes to
recovering custody a crime of
abandonment It is not simply that you take
and leave or rather it is about how you leave
the child when you leave if I go on
vacation for a week and I have left my
son with my parents okay calmly
and safely and everything is fine it is not abandonment
an abandonment would be that I leave the house
and leave them Here the
episode about having crashed a car and
having crashed into Maribel's car
while being drunk is also clarified
commenting a lot like in the
previous videos And she says she has
proof let's see This is the word each
each one is worth You'll see but she claims
that she has proof that first the
car was not being driven by her but that at
that moment it was being driven by her father and that they did
not crash drunk or anything
like that And that the car did not belong to Maribel
that the car belonged to her and her late
husband that although he was Marco Chacón's man it
was because at the time he bought
that car, that truck but it was for
them what happens is that it was put in
Marco's name I imagine that because of the
insurance issue You know that in
families this is often done they
put the cars in the parents' names
when the kids get their license
because the insurance is much cheaper let's
see also I tell you eh it is
very strange to me that these people have that
problem and they start doing these aleos
not of putting a car in one name another
car for the issue of saving some money
but well that is the explanation that she gives
Okay Uh the evidence of the
truck well eh it would be prudent to
investigate how the  order
Because at that time my dad was driving
and in fact he appears there in those
records and on the other hand I have no
idea how to clone cards because if
not I wouldn't dedicate myself to this I would dedicate myself to
clearing cards and and of course I mean if there is
evidence of that Of course
show it the truck was Maribel's that you
crashed that your dad crashed a
truck that he bought for me for
Julián and that at the time we didn't
have identifications available
So
Marco Chacón's identification was entered that's why his name remains
but that truck was never used
they were for our use and it's a
truck that I didn't crash as you may have
heard he also denies
the card cloning sincerely I
think that was also a pipe dream from
Javier seriously Although her response has
been quite strange I think that he
wanted to respond as a
joke with a sense of humor But
well it has come out strange but well
really yes it doesn't make sense No if
you have a lot of money from having
cloned cards you don't go to work no
instead of being with your son at home and
very important also  denied that there are
drugs in the video that we have
talked about the most in recent days, that video
that was leaked, nobody knows how to see in
the account where the watermark account was leaked,
well, it is an account
that usually leaks these types of videos and
that usually has, well, it surely will have
many contacts, the truth is, both
judicial and police, that is, it is a
very well-known person in networks, Carlos
Jiménez, and he always gets that type of
exclusive content. Well, yelda,
what he claims is that what they are
leaving him is a vape, [ __ ] a vape, besides, he
argues it. And apparently,
vapes are prohibited in Mexico right now, I
mean, they cannot be sold. I've
been watching a little bit around here, I
'll be putting some screenshots, you can
stop the video if you want to read it, it
seems a bit exaggerated to me, no, eh. I don't know the
truth. Let's see, against everything that
is smoking and doing those things, no, but I don't
know, maybe this is a bit exaggerated, no.
But well, that's not the subject of the video, it
made me laugh that they have to bring them the
drug dealers with vapes, no.  whether they have to
give them to them in a roll, you know,
as if I were giving well, let's
see one thing, eh, my grandmother, my grandmother used to
pass me by like that just like that messenger
when he would give me 10 euros, 20 euros or
something like that so
my cousins ​​wouldn't see me You know, I passed it like that as
if I was smuggling drugs, and she
also clarifies that apart from the fact that I
wasn't receiving drugs in that video, which she does
n't know how it leaked, she
also has the drug tests and
while I'm recording this video,
By the way, I'll add that it just came out
that she hasn't shown these
toxicological tests to the press, but it seems
that she would have taken them to the prosecutor's office
to try to regain custody, it's
not impossible that they will show
intimate videos, I even saw some
photographs circulating that seemed to be downloaded from
a browser, eh, eh, they have a video of me
where I'm picking up a vaporizer
from behind a Virgin of Guadalupe, eh,
No, you don't have any conclusive evidence
against me or where it can be proven what
they're saying, then The truth is that you do
n't know exactly. I mean, the truth is that
no  There is no proof where
they can see what they say is
true, besides the fact that I have in my
possession the toxicological tests that
I had done with a specialized person
entering the bathroom with me who had never
done that, I do not know why I have to see
the need to do something like this but
well, now I know what it is to do an
anti-doping test and well, I am going to share
these tests with you. If
necessary, obviously I am going to have to
take more toxicological tests, I
am not denied at any time so that
my innocence can be proven with
respect to these accusations that
seem to me to be very serious, obviously
if she took cocaine as they said or
cocaine Rosa, no, the tusi in those tests she
will not be able to deceive but
Imelda's path is getting more complicated than
expected And the thing is that supposed friends,
friends, also clarify in the interviews
that they are friends, a girl who claims to be
very good friends of her, I do not want to know
what the enemies are like eh and another one who
apparently was her husband's best friend
have gone to Javier Ciani's program
to put her down, we went to a party
at least a few  10 times Imelda loves to
drink until she's rock bottom she likes to
flirt with several people that's why I stopped going out
with her she uses cocaine and cocaine called
Rosa That's true apparently with
good intentions eh Just to help her and she
's not acting like she's a
bad person like she has a
black heart the things she's doing
right now the manipulations she's
doing don't make her a good person I think
the government has to put more
places to help people with
Mental Health problems because by
not doing this hospitals
prisons become hospitals
and Melda it's time for her to accept
reality and take the consequences of
her actions but a child is a
vulnerable person and we can't
be indifferent and Melda thinks she's not
like the people who make
children sell candy on the street or who don't
use children to cause pity and
make a profit the reality is that she's
doing the same thing but with a
different facade the truth is that the
friend is going all out I would like to know
what she means by saying that Imelda is
trying to make a profit from everything
this taking advantage of her son I mean, let's face it, I
think you'll
agree with me that those
statements didn't make any
sense I can't find the logic in them because
as I was saying this girl is going all
out Thank goodness she's the friend eh she says
that Imelda gets on a lot of drugs
and alcohol that every time she drinks she gets
very aggressive that she even hit
Julian and if that wasn't enough
mother of God I mean please explain to me
the comment box there are no such
things as lawsuits Well the thing is you
do this in Spain you can't say this in Spain you
say this to
someone in Spain even if it's true and you
get a lawsuit or you freak out not happy
with what she said that she hits her
husband that she's very aggressive of all
the drugs she takes she lets slip insinuates
that Imelda would be a danger to her son
because she would be capable of giving drugs to the
child too God I am we want to
help her I have proof of everything that
has to do with drugs with alcohol with
partying with very large quantities of drugs
It's true that the first one that
put a bottle on  Julian came out of
rehab it was the same Imelda yes it's
true I have stronger evidence and if
Melda doesn't accept reality and doesn't ask for
help that evidence will come to light
people with whom she currently hangs out
and Melda are
dangerous people they are not people who go to
church and Julian was always going to
rescue her he always went for it sometime he
hit him Julian yelled at Julian
in front of me always whenever she was
drunk he always did it
when Julian wanted to take her from
places he started hitting her did you see at
some point that Himelda gave the
child pills no I've never seen that but I wouldn't
doubt that she can do it that's why I'm
insisting that Imelda is harmful
Come on in case you have any doubts this
girl claims that Maribel only wants the
best for the child and that therefore the
child should stay with his grandmother
trying to do the same with Jul with and
I know that it is hereditary what
Himelda has is hereditary it comes from the
mother if
you come to the mother you will understand Imelda yelda told me in
one occasion when she was drunk
Maribel wants to save her so that
she can be well with the child
Maribel wants the best for the child if you
really want your son to be well for him to
grow up healthy for him to grow up well
accept and be healthy value the family that you
have the family that is
giving to you I do not betray them accept and
everything can change everything can improve
this one in particular not content with having
dispatched herself comfortably which I think she has
remained very comfortable Not in the
Serian program she goes to Telemundo to threaten her
with admitting that she is a drug addict I mean
this is brutal The threat that if she does not
admit that she is a drug addict she proves it
with a ton of audios and videos
that she has on her phone and that in addition she is
going to take that evidence to court
to screw her with the issue of the son what a
friend colleague in what I have here it is
more about the tusi which is cocaine
Rosa I have two folders with many audios
and many videos and simply what I
came here to do is tell you Imelda you
know Who or who sent them to me You already  I
handed it over to the prosecutor's office but I'm
going to make sure they don't spread them so they
don't spread all of this If you accept
your problem and if you decide to heal if I'm
freaking out Imagine Yelda
when she finds her supposed friend
and coworker on these
programs putting the green that the
recent statement of a former colleague of
yours from the musical group where both well
that she was also part like you eh
Why would she come out to speak badly of you The
truth is I don't know the reason. At first I
thought it was like
artificial intelligence or something like that because I
know her she's a very good girl and she's a
girl who always tries to think the
best of people and well uh I think
that she was badly influenced to give these
statements and that really well uh she
's having a very subjective point of view
on the situation I
would have liked Of course that she came to talk to me if she had these genuine concerns for me eh Instead of lending herself to this type of things that could be understood as an attack and I also think that it's not prudent to give focus to this type of things in a
such a complicated moment for my family that we are
José Julián, I cl and then also in the
Serian program we have this
young man who also comes to say the
same thing but this was a friend of the
child's father the truth is that Look, I
think that these witnesses are
real I mean yes, I think that this man
is a friend of the child's father because
they show photos not from their whole life and the
other one I do believe that she is his friend no I mean yes, I think that
these witnesses are real
so I have my doubts about whether
their testimonies are like that or if they
exaggerate a little in exchange for money or to
appear on these programs that
seem very thick to me no I mean that you have
a relationship with someone and you and you and you
lend yourself to this just because no I mean
why is it as if someone suddenly
grew up with me some neighbor some
childhood friend and suddenly I'm
fighting with another youtuber and he chimes in and
says well Javi smoked joints
anyway I don't see the point or
why I'm going to have it they had some friction and
at the rewedding was when they
had already  a strong conflict a
very strong conflict and Melda suddenly
was very well she had some very
sudden changes very very sudden very
aggressive with Julian several times Imelda
attacked Julian physically not only
verbally but also physically but
many times in one she even ended up
throwing the pool at him she hit him even
with a closed fist in the face leaving him
bruises and screaming very very exaggerated
or rather and suddenly it was noticeable she became
very aggressive I mean she ended up almost
hitting him and yelling at him threatening to
kill him on the subject of having
continued living with her mother-in-law
after the death of her husband she
affirms that well as we have talked about in
previous videos no, that she was happy
that she got along great with her mother-in-law and that
well because of the child not because of living
in the same place but that in the end this became
complicated because in the end living
with a mother-in-law and trust you not on top of that without
being husband already in life is a little strange
the truth is that I don't know at what
point they thought that it was going to turn out
well in the end there is a problem because of the way
of raising  the child or educate him, that
is never a good idea. I didn't
decide to move out of her house so that she
could be close to my son. And well,
at the end of the day it did
backfire because they were
slowly removing my
responsibilities and rights. As a mother, I
've been taking over that part that is
up to me, that I always wanted to fulfill,
that in fact I expressed that I wanted to fulfill
at the moment when I wanted to get out
of there so I could dedicate myself to raising my son,
and so I could get closer to
him because I realize that every time
we're alone, that we're on
vacation, and so we have this
coexistence where it's just him and I, we
strengthen each other a lot, and I can uh
instill in him the values ​​that I want to
instill in him, and the child loves me more. I mean,
everything goes much better
when we're alone. So I would never
in my life take away my
son's right to see his grandmother because it's the
child's right to see his grandmother,
of course, but yes, yes, I want to do it
alone, yes,
I have the right. The truth is that
thinking about it now  days later the way in which
the authorities took his son away from him
Yes it looks really ugly no I mean they
are not the most common ways apart
from the fact that the prosecutor has now come to
light what luck he has I mean
because this has been a coincidence they could not have
caught him at this time and they
would have caught him later on a
long time but apart from the fact that that
man has been dismissed there are several
things not now that at the time I for
example is what I told you no I mean at the
time I trusted the authorities
no I didn't think about it but now seeing it in
perspective knowing that there was a
corrupt person who was the one making
the decisions of the case and so on There are
several things that look strange the purity
of the acts is not given in principle due to
the discussion of the prosecutor we
thank the attorney general for
worrying about helping women and
helping due process if she sees
anomalies however eh despite or not Despite the fact that he has been
dismissed there are acts
that were violations of
Human Rights therefore they are void any
illegal act that is not carried out in a
legal manner one has the right to fight it
before  a judge to
balance it then this dismissal is not essential
however it goes hand in
hand with the actions that were
taken improperly by
this specialized prosecutor's office On the one
hand we must recognize that the ways
of taking the son away I do not think were
the best for the child and we
could see this because Imelda connected at that
moment in an Instagram live so
that everyone could see it I mean first she
experienced it at the child's school because they
called her from school to tell her
that the grandmother was taking the child and by the
time she went to go they wouldn't let her
take the child the grandmother took him the
child crying that the moment
I get to school the child
realizes that they want to separate us
starts to cry I start to cry a
super strong situation arises eh I
tell you that it worries me a lot
how he is
processing it I mean Oh No of course I don't know
what is going on in his mind right now
because he is 7 years old That was very
strong for him and obviously for him it is
black or white at that moment because they
were the bad guys  and then another
similar situation happened at the
prosecutor's office I love you, big boy I love you, calm down
please we'll gain nothing he's crying I
want to hear him that's why let's see let's see big boy I love you we'll
gain nothing by
calming him down Okay I can hear him
Yes of course but calm down I
love you, big boy I love you very much my love I'm
going to get you out of here my life of course yes sir I'm going to get you out of here my life I love
you Yes my love if you're going to come with me my love I
love you and then there's also the thing that I
think few of us had considered
also of Why do they give the
child directly to Maribel when other
relatives also exist I mean of all the
options there are why is the child
given to the person who filed the complaint does the
child also have other
maternal grandparents I don't know if that can be seen since it's the
child's house and it's where
the child has been living since he was born but it is
true that in a situation like that
of tension the truth is that it is strange and it
seems that it has taken little work for
Maribel things as they are no I don't
understand how
my father could not have been fit to take care
of José Julián my father  has a
14 year old daughter who is my sister my
dad has raised three children apart from
my little sister before Maribel you
mentioned four people who would take care
of your son would you prefer any
member of your family to take care of your son
before Maribel of course I am not
denying either Maribel or
Jose Julian the right to be together well
given the situation I don't want
Jose Julian to learn that people
uh you confront him by attacking him from the water and
leaking photos the truth is that this
interview as I was saying at the beginning
of the video has not left me indifferent
I want you all to tell me what you
think in the comments box I am
sincerely trying to find a
middle ground I think that uh Imelda is telling
the truth about some of the things
we have seen in this interview for
example yes I can believe that she does not have
a drug use as usual and
that what we saw in the video was
a vape yes I think that maybe she takes
drugs and that she drinks when she goes out but I don't
think she is a junkie I mean I don't think she
is hooked on drugs and  that this is
a problem for her but that she has done it
as something sporadic maybe or not
even that no maybe she is just
drinking that we have seen not in the
issue of bipolarity that is that I do
believe it also because of the issue that
the two witnesses come out, these do not talk about her
and that she is a person who has this
problem that has it more or less under
control that she had it more or less under
control but when what happened to her
husband happens and on top of that it gets mixed up with the
outgoings And the comings then it gets
a little complicated and it sprouts again let's say no yes it is
called sprouting but I think that maybe
Maribel Guardia exaggerates it and has
used it or rather because she has not
cared about all these things Until
Himelda communicated that she was moving out alone
with the child then having the
complaint prepared she filed it and the prosecutor's office
or the prosecutor made it too easy for her I mean
yes I think that they made it
too easy for Maribel Guardia now
now looking at it with the perspective that I
no longer have the same perspective as at the
beginning because my trust and what
most inclined me towards Maribel was the
fact that the authorities had
leaned towards  She supposedly having
more information is not understood
than we may have but of
course now we know that the prosecutor
has been dismissed for being corrupt for
interfering and acting
illegitimately in other similar cases and
Melda from the program has sent a
message to Maribel appealing to think
about her deceased son And what would she think If
she knew everything that is happening that she should
also think first of all about
Julián What would Julia have wanted
How would she be feeling right
now If she knew that they have put
our son through this
very traumatic situation because the
truth is that I feel that he is going to have to have
attention after
this it is a fact that is going to be
marked in his mind for the rest of his
life I know that he is afraid but it is
something very normal that I want to leave his
house with my son and that I want to exercise my
freedom as a mother with him that I would never
deny my son the right to see her
because it is José Julián's right to
have a grandmother he loves her very much
so I would never deny
José Julián that right we have to try to
recover that  healthy coexistence because it's
very ugly that José Julián is
realizing that well, they don't love
his mother but watch out that apparently in the
next few hours we're also going to have
statements from Maribel Guardia eh
Maribel is going to present the media on Friday at
5:30 at the theater because she's returning to her
activities so whatever she
has to say that she's the
interested party New I will say it that day
in that place, I mean, what a promo she's
done here for the play Eh
So well, we'll probably have to
see each other again this weekend to
comment on those statements if you
want, you know that I'm
nobody here, you send like
comments subscriptions share the
video if all that happens we'll see each other very
soon bye family and thank you for
accompanying me and for choosing me a kiss Goodbye
gorgeous
[Music]